Auntie, you misunderstood.
That's not what I meant.
too little
Ah!
Let go let go
Mom he's a good girl
Don't test him
Hey this
What kind of woman can enter my Lu family's door
How can he compare to the daughter of the Gu family?
Mom, if you really like Du Qianyun
You let Xiaolong marry him into the door and be a little fool
Why are you so disobedient?
Sister-in-law, let me talk to Ah Zhan
Hua Zheng, I support your pursuit of true love
Thank you uncle
But this Gu family daughter has bad conduct
It really doesn't match you.
I know that even if business objects
I will also cancel the membership with the Gu family.
So
If I marry Gu's wife, I will be foolproof
If you can get Grandpa to take him to the countryside as soon as possible
I don't think he will be embarrassed by you anymore.
What do you want to say?
Having children after marriage is a big deal
I respect that.
Take your time, your new wedding reception.
This is my gift to you.
Thank you uncle
Sure enough, you still understand me
Jane
My company still has something to do, so I'll leave first, okay?
Come and obey the law with this woman
This Gu family daughter just received it.